docs: Update review docs (#11147)
influxdata/telegraf: docs/developers/REVIEWS.md

It might take some time until your PR gets merged, depending on the release cycle and the type of
your pull-request (bugfix, enhancement of existing code, new plugin, etc). Remember, it might be necessary to rebase your code before merge to resolve conflicts.

> Please read the review comments carefully, fix the related part of the code and/or respond in case there is anything unclear. If there is no activity in a pull-request or the contributor does not respond, we are setting the `waiting for response` tag. __If there is no further activity our bot will automatically close the PR after two weeks!__ So in case you expect a longer period of inactivity or you want to abandon a pull-request, please let us know.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read the review comments carefully, fix the related part of the code and/or respond in case there is anything unclear. Maintainers will add the `waiting for response` tag to PRs to make it clear we are waiting on the submitter for updates. __Once the tag is added, if there is no activity on a pull request or the contributor does not respond, our bot will automatically close the PR after two weeks!__ If you expect a longer period of inactivity or you want to abandon a pull request, please let us know.
```
